<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

<p align='center'>
  <img src='https://github.com/termsurf/bead.tree/blob/make/view/bead.svg?raw=true' width='192'>
</p>

<h3 align='center'>bead.tree</h3>
<p align='center'>
  The Star Package Manager
</p>

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

## License

Copyright 2023 <a href='https://term.surf'>TermSurf</a>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

## TermSurf

This is being developed by the folks at [TermSurf](https://term.surf), a
California-based project for helping humanity master information and
computation. TermSurf started off in the winter of 2008 as a spark of an
idea, to forming a company 10 years later in the winter of 2018, to a
seed of a project just beginning its development phases. It is entirely
bootstrapped by working full time and running
[Etsy](https://etsy.com/shop/termsurf) and
[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/s?rh=p_27%3AMount+Build) shops. Also
find us on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/termsurf),
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/termsurf), and
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/termsurf). Check out our
other GitHub projects as well!
